---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clumio_aws_connection Resource - terraform-provider-clumio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for establishing a connection between AWS accounts and Clumio.
---

# clumio_aws_connection (Resource)

Resource for establishing a connection between AWS accounts and Clumio.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "clumio_aws_connection" "example" {
  account_native_id      = "aws_account_id"
  aws_region             = "aws_region"
  description            = "description"
  organizational_unit_id = "organizational_unit_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_native_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account to be linked with Clumio.
- `aws_region` (String) Region of the AWS account to be linked with Clumio.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Brief description to denote details of the connection.
- `organizational_unit_id` (String) Identifier of the Clumio organizational unit associated with the connection. If not provided, the connection will be associated with the default organizational unit associated with the credentials used to create the connection.

### Read-Only

- `clumio_aws_account_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account associated with Clumio. This identifier is provided so that access to the service role for Clumio can be restricted to just this account.
- `clumio_aws_region` (String) Region of the AWS account associated with Clumio.
- `connection_status` (String) Current state of the connection (e.g, `connecting`, `connected`, `unlinked`, etc.)
- `data_plane_account_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account data plane within Clumio.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Clumio AWS connection.
- `namespace` (String, Deprecated) K8S Namespace.
- `role_external_id` (String) Unique identifier Clumio uses to access the service role within your account.
- `token` (String) Distinct 36-character token used to identify resources set up by the Clumio AWS template installation on the account being connected.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format of the Clumio AWS Connection ID is <AWS-ACCOUNT_ID>_<AWS_ACCOUNT_REGION>
terraform import clumio_aws_connection.example 12345678901_us-west-2
```
