---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clumio_organizational_unit Resource - terraform-provider-clumio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Clumio AWS Connection Resource used to connect AWS accounts to Clumio.
---

# clumio_organizational_unit (Resource)

Clumio AWS Connection Resource used to connect AWS accounts to Clumio.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Unique name assigned to the organizational unit.

### Optional

- **configured_datasource_types** (List of String) Datasource types configured in this organizational unit. Possible values include aws, microsoft365, vmware, or mssql.
- **descendant_ids** (List of String) List of all recursive descendant organizational units of this OU.
- **description** (String) A description of the organizational unit.
- **entities** (Block List) List of user ids to assign this organizational unit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--entities))
- **parent_id** (String) The Clumio-assigned ID of the parent organizational unit under which the new organizational unit is to be created.
- **users** (List of String) List of user ids to assign this organizational unit.

### Read-Only

- **children_count** (Number) Number of immediate children of the organizational unit.
- **id** (String) OrganizationalUnit Id.
- **user_count** (Number) Number of users to whom this organizational unit or any of its descendants have been assigned.

<a id="nestedblock--entities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entities`

Optional:

- **parent_entity** (Block List, Max: 1) The parent object of the primary entity associated with the organizational unit. For example, vmware_vcenter is the parent entity of primary entity vmware_vm_folder. The parent object is necessary for VMware entities and can be omitted for other data sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--entities--parent_entity))
- **primary_entity** (Block List, Max: 1) The primary object associated with the organizational unit. Examples of primary entities include aws_environment and vmware_vm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--entities--primary_entity))

<a id="nestedblock--entities--parent_entity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entities.parent_entity`

Required:

- **id** (String) The Clumio assigned ID of the entity.
- **type** (Number) The entity type.


<a id="nestedblock--entities--primary_entity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entities.primary_entity`

Required:

- **id** (String) The Clumio assigned ID of the entity.
- **type** (Number) The entity type.


