---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clumio_post_process_aws_connection Resource - terraform-provider-clumio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Post-Process Clumio AWS Connection Resource used to post-process AWS connection to Clumio.
---

# clumio_post_process_aws_connection (Resource)

Post-Process Clumio AWS Connection Resource used to post-process AWS connection to Clumio.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "clumio_post_process_aws_connection" "example" {
  # example configuration here
  token                              = "mytoken"
  role_external_id                   = "role_external_id"
  account_id                         = "account_id"
  region                             = "region"
  role_arn                           = "role_arn"
  clumio_event_pub_id                = "clumio_event_pub_id"
  config_version                     = "1"
  discover_version                   = "3"
  protect_config_version             = "18"
  protect_ebs_version                = "19"
  protect_rds_version                = "18"
  protect_ec2_mssql_version          = "1"
  protect_warm_tier_version          = "2"
  protect_warm_tier_dynamodb_version = "2"
  protect_s3_version                 = "1"
  protect_dynamodb_version           = "1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account to be linked with Clumio.
- `clumio_event_pub_id` (String) Clumio Event Pub SNS topic ID.
- `config_version` (String) Clumio Config version.
- `region` (String) Region of the AWS account to be linked with Clumio.
- `role_arn` (String) ARN of the role which allows Clumio to access the linked account.
- `role_external_id` (String) Unique identifier Clumio uses to access the service role within your account.
- `token` (String) Distinct 36-character token used to identify resources set up by the Clumio AWS template installation on the account being connected.

### Optional

- `discover_version` (String) Clumio Discover version.
- `intermediate_role_arn` (String) Intermediate Role arn to be assumed before accessing ClumioRole in customer account.
- `properties` (Map of String) A map to pass in additional information to be consumed by Clumio Post Processing
- `protect_config_version` (String) Clumio Protect Config version.
- `protect_dynamodb_version` (String) Clumio DynamoDB Protect version.
- `protect_ebs_version` (String) Clumio EBS Protect version.
- `protect_ec2_mssql_version` (String) Clumio EC2 MSSQL Protect version.
- `protect_rds_version` (String) Clumio RDS Protect version.
- `protect_s3_version` (String) Clumio S3 Protect version.
- `protect_warm_tier_dynamodb_version` (String) Clumio DynamoDB Warm Tier Protect version.
- `protect_warm_tier_version` (String) Clumio Warm Tier Protect version.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the post process aws connection.
