---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clumio_wallet Resource - terraform-provider-clumio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Clumio Wallet Resource to create and manage wallets in Clumio. Wallets should be created "after" connecting an AWS account to Clumio.NOTE: To protect against accidental deletion, wallets cannot be destroyed once the byok-template module has been installed. To remove a wallet, contact Clumio support.
---

# clumio_wallet (Resource)

Clumio Wallet Resource to create and manage wallets in Clumio. Wallets should be created "after" connecting an AWS account to Clumio.<br>**NOTE:** To protect against accidental deletion, wallets cannot be destroyed once the byok-template module has been installed. To remove a wallet, contact Clumio support.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "clumio_wallet" "example" {
  # example configuration here
  account_native_id = "123456789012"
  aws_region        = "us-west-2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_native_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account to be setup with BYOK and associated with the wallet.

### Optional

- `aws_region` (String) The AWS region where the wallet is located.

### Read-Only

- `clumio_account_id` (String) Identifier of the AWS account associated with Clumio. This identifier is provided so that access to the service role for Clumio can be restricted to just this account.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Clumio Wallet.
- `state` (String) State describes the state of the wallet. Valid states are:
	Waiting: The wallet has been created, but a stack hasn't been created. The wallet can't be used in this state.
	Enabled: The wallet has been created and a stack has been created for the wallet. This is the normal expected state of a wallet in use.
	Error: The wallet is inaccessible.
- `token` (String) Token used to identify resources set up by the BYOK template installation on the account being connected.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Replace WALLET_ID with the correct Clumio Wallet ID.
terraform import clumio_wallet.example WALLET_ID
```
